International Workshop on Big Data of Services

Collocated with 9th IEEE/ACM International Conference on Utility and Cloud Computing
December 6-9, 2016
Tongji University – Shanghai, China


Call for papers

   With the popularity of mobile terminals, user social networks and large-scale services, a large amount of data is produced, 
such as trace logs, service QoS information and service invocation relationships, etc. The data produced by services usually 
has the characteristics of big data: high volume, high velocity and high variety. Data generated by services is so large and
complex that traditional methods are difficult to handle it effectively. Therefore, to deal with the big data problem for 
services, new parallel computing techniques and new data mining algorithms are urgently required. The submitted manuscripts 
will be limited to 6 pages (IEEE Proceedings style: http://www.ieee.org/conferences_events/conferences/publishing/templates.html).
Please use https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=iwbds2016 to submit your papers.
   The IWBDS will be held in conjunction with IEEE/ACM UCC in Shanghai, China in December, 2016. It provides a forum for researchers 
world-wide to present their latest work in service computing, data mining and parallel computing in the cloud, and to show how this 
research can be used to enable innovation.
Topics
   We encourage submissions on theoretical as well as practical studies related to all aspects of services computing and big data. 
Topics of interests include, but are NOT limited to, the following categories:
•	 Service applications in the big data environment.
•	 Service clustering and recommendation in the big data environment.
•	 Service analysis in the big data environment.
•	 Experimental prototypes, testbeds, and case studies on big data services and applications.
•	 Big data service management 
•	 Data processing, mining, fusion, storage, and management for big data services
•	 Big data analytics for services
•	 Social issues, user experience of big data services
•	 Parallel computing for big data services
•	 Quality of service in big data environment
Important dates
Paper Submissions Due: 		July 30, 2016
Notification of Acceptance: 	August 30, 2016
Early Registration Deadline: 	September 21, 2016

Organising committees
General chairs
Philip S. Yu, University of Illinois at Chicago, USA
Yu Lei, Inner Mongolia University, China
Technical program committee
Deng ShuiGuang, Zhejiang University, China
Wu Jian, Zhejiang University, China
Ma Yutao, Wuhan University, China
Wang Jian, Wuhan University, China
Lu Zhihui, Fudan University, China
Jiwei Huang, Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications, China
Qiao Xiuquan, Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications, China
Cheng Bo, Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications, China
Mingdong Tang, Hunan University of Science and Technology, China
Zhangbing Zhou, China University of Geosciences (Beijing), China
Yi-Wen Zhang, Anhui University, China
Tan Wei, Dongguan University of Technology, China
Bo Hu, Kingdee International Software Group Co.Ltd. China
Huang Keman, Tianjin University, China.
Fan Xiaoliang, Lanzhou University, China.
Chen Shizhan, Tianjin University, China. 
Duan YuCong, Hainan University, China
Chen Fu, Beijing Foreign Studies University, China
